IMPORTANT LEGAL AGREEMENT - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

This end user license agreement (EULA) constitutes a valid and binding agreement
between Maintain Fit LLC (‘Licensor") and you and any organization you represent
(collectively, "Licensee") for the use of Authorize.net for WordPress ("Licensed
Work") provided to Licensee by Licensor.  Licensee understands and agrees that the
Licensed Work includes Open Source Software components.  Licensee understands and
agrees that the Licensed Work also includes proprietary works ("Proprietary Works")
such as Source Code, Object Code, documentation, and other Confidential Proprietary
Information, all of which are considered part of the Licensed Work, and all of which
are all owned by Licensor and protected by Federal and International Copyright Laws.
Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and any new versions of it.
Licensor reserves any right not expressly granted to the Licensee.  Licensee hereby
waives any rights or requirements under any laws or regulations in any jurisdiction
that requires an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-
electronic records, to the extent permitted under applicable mandatory law.

Definitions
In this Agreement the following capitalized definitions are being used, singular as
well as plural.

"Affiliate" means any staff member of Licensor or other 3rd party corporation, company
or other entity that directly or indirectly assists Licensor with the Licensed Work.

"Confidential Proprietary Information" means any and all information provided to
Licensee by Licensor, including, but not limited to, documentation, trademarks, names,
signs, logos, banners, and any other materials, in whatever form, owned and/or used by
Licensor for the use and/or promotion of the Licensed Work as well as Licensor’s other
products and activities.

"Derivative Work" means creation of a new work by modification of Licensed Work.

"Effective Date" means the date on which this Agreement is entered into.

"GPLv2 License" means the General Public License, Version 2, which is used for Open
Source Software.

"IP Rights" means any and all intellectual property rights, including but not limited
to copyrights, trademarks and patents, as well as know how and trade secrets contained
in or relating to the Proprietary Work and any Confidential Proprietary Information
included within the Licensed Work.

"Open Source Software" means computer software that is available in source code form
for which the source code and certain other rights normally reserved by the creator of
the software are provided under a software license that permits users to study,
change, and improve the software.

"Object Code" means the non-human-readable or binary code as used to executed a
program as the result of compiling Source Code.

"Source code" means the version the human-readable software code used to create the
Licensed Work.

License Granted
For the Open Source Software portion of the Licensed Work, Licensee agrees to be
subject to the terms of this Agreement as limited by the GPLv2 License.

For the Proprietary Work, Licensee agrees to be fully bound the terms of this
Agreement.  Licensor hereby grants Licensee a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-
sub licensable, nontransferable license to use the Licensed Work on computer systems
owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by the Licensee in its own facilities or
facilities under its control.

Restrictions
For the Open Source Software portion of the Licensed Work, Licensee is only limited
according to the restrictions imposed by the GPLv2 License. Licensee may alter such
portion as Licensee sees fit.

For the Proprietary Work, Licensee is restricted from any actions not explicitly
granted by this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the following actions:
A.  User shall not sell, assign, rent, lease, distribute, export, import, act as an
    intermediary or provider, or otherwise grant rights to third parties with regard 
    to the Proprietary Work or any part of it.
B.  Licensee shall not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the translation, reverse 
    engineering, decompiling, disassembling or hacking of the Proprietary Work.
C.  Licensee shall not create Derivative Works using any portion of the Proprietary Work.

Changes to Licensed Work
Licensor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to add additional features or
functions, or to provide programming fixes, updates and upgrades, to the Licensed
Work.  Licensee understands and agrees that Licensor has no obligation to make
available to Licensee any subsequent versions of the Licensed Work, unless otherwise
agreed.  Licensee also agrees that Licensee may have to enter into a renewed version
of this Agreement, in the event Licensee wants to install or use a new version of the
Licensed Work.  Furthermore, Licensee understands and agrees that Licensor is in no
way liable for damages of any kind nor is Licensor obligated to assist Licensee in any
way, should such changes cause loss of functionality, errors, or other such issues in
Licensee’s current version of the Licensed Work.

Confidentiality
Licensee understands and agrees that the Proprietary Work contains valuable
Confidential Proprietary Information and that unauthorized use of such is harmful to
Licensor.  As such, Licensee shall take all reasonable steps to at all times protect
and maintain any confidential information regarding the Proprietary Work and the
Confidential Proprietary Information associated with it.  End-User shall employ
reasonable security precautions to prevent unauthorized persons from having access to
any such confidential information.

Exclusive Ownership
Licensee understands and agrees that any and all IP Rights to the Proprietary Work, as
well as in any Derivative Works created by Licensor, are the exclusive property of
Licensor.  Licensee understands and agrees that nothing in this Agreement intends to
transfer any such IP Rights to, or to vest any such IP Rights in, Licensee.  Licensee
will not take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere with such IP Rights.
Licensee understands and agrees that any unauthorized use of IP Rights is a violation
of this Agreement as well as a violation of intellectual property laws, including, but
not limited to, copyright laws and trademark laws.  Licensee agrees that Licensee will
not remove, obscure, make illegible or alter any notices or indications of IP Rights
and/or Licensor’s rights and ownership thereof, whether such notice or indications are
affixed on, contained in or otherwise connected to such materials.

Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Disclaimer
Licensee understands and agrees that the Licensed Work allows for the processing of
credit card information.   Licensee understands and agrees that the Licensed Work may
be used in a manner that bypasses the use of SSL protection during testing and
development.  Licensee understands and agrees that without the use of SSL protection,
any sensitive data, such as names, addresses, credit cards, and other personally
identifiable information (collectively, "Sensitive Information") may be viewed and/or
misappropriated by third parties.  Licensee understands and agrees that Licensee’s
collection of Sensitive Information is at Licensee’s sole risk and that Licensor has
no liability whatsoever to Licensee or any other parties for the viewing and/or
misappropriation of Sensitive Information, regardless of how the Licensed Work was
used, whether with or without SSL protection.

Disclaimer of Warranties
THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER; LICENSOR DOES
NOT, EITHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, CLAIMS OR
REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED WORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR
USE OR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  LICENSOR FURTHER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE
LICENSED WORK WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE,
ACCURATE, COMPLETE AND ERROR-FREE.  LICENSEE ASSUMES ALL RISKS ARISING OUT OF
LICENSEE’S USE OF THE LICENSED WORK, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.  SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS AS SPECIFIED HERE AND TO
THE LEAST EXTENT AS ALLOWED BY LAW, SUCH EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO
LICENSEE.  LICENSEE’S MODIFICATION OF ANY PORTION OF THE LICENSED WORK VOIDS ANY
WARRANTY ALLOWED OR ENFORCED BY LAW.

Termination
This Agreement will be effective as of earlier of the date on which Licensee installs
or begins use of the Licensed Work and will remain effective until terminated by
either Licensor or Licensee as described below.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement
without notice by uninstalling the Licensed Work from all computers on which Licensee
installed it.  If Licensor determines that Licensee has violated this Agreement,
Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice to Licensee.  Upon
termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall immediately cease use of the Licensed
Work.  Licensee understands and agrees that Licensor is not liable for any damage
caused by the termination of this Agreement.

Indemnification of Licensor
Licensee represents and warrants that Licensee is authorized to enter into this
Agreement and comply with its terms.  Furthermore, Licensee represents and warrants
that Licensee will at all times comply with Licensee’s obligations under this
Agreement, as well as with any and all laws, regulations, and policies that may apply
to Licensee’s use of the Licensed Work.  Licensee agree to indemnify, defend and hold
Licensor, its officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all liability
and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Licensor, in connection
with or arising out of Licensee’s violation or breach of any term of this Agreement or
any applicable law or regulation, whether referenced within this Agreement or not;
Licensee’s violation of any rights of any third party; or Licensee’s use or misuse of
the Licensed Work.

Limitation of Liability
LICENSEE UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT LICENSOR AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL HAVE NO
LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM LICENSEE’S USE OF THE LICENSED WORK OR
DERIVATIVE WORKS, AS SET FORTH BELOW.  IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER
FORM OF LIABILITY, FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF DATA, INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSE WORK OR
DERIVATIVE WORKS, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.  LICENSEE’S ONLY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROBLEMS OR
DISSATISFACTION WITH THE LICENSED WORK IS LIMITED TO FIVE DOLLARS ($5).  SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS AS SPECIFIED HERE AND TO
THE LEAST EXTENT AS ALLOWED BY LAW, SUCH EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO
LICENSEE.

General Provisions
Licensor reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time by providing such
revised Agreement to Licensee.  Licensee’s continued use of the Licensed Work shall
constitute Licensee’s acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
revised Agreement.  Licensee understands and agrees that this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between Licensee and Licensor and that it supersedes all prior
understandings and agreements, in whatever form.  Should any term or provision of this
Agreement be deemed invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, either in its entirety
or in a particular application, the remainder of this Agreement still remains in full
force and effect.  The failure of Licensor at any time or times to require performance
of any provisions of this Agreement in no way affects Licensor’s right at a later time
to enforce the same unless the same is explicitly waived in writing and signed by
Licensor.  Licensor is allowed to at its sole discretion assign this Agreement or any
rights hereunder to any Affiliate, without giving prior notice.  This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Idaho.

BY USING THE LICENSED WORK, LICENSEE EXPRESSLY UNDERSTANDS THAT LICENSEE HAS READ THIS
AGREEMENT; UNDERSTANDS THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED WITHIN;
AND EXPRESSLY CONSENTS TO BE BOUND BY IT.

© Maintain Fit LLC - Last revised: June 23, 2011.
PO Box 191078
Boise, ID 83719-1078
helpdesk@danielwatrous.com
